31 temperature and smoke detector (#182)
blues/app-accelerators: 31-temperature-and-smoke-detector/README.md

Sign up for a free account on [notehub.io](https://notehub.io) and [create a new project](https://dev.blues.io/quickstart/notecard-quickstart/notecard-and-notecarrier-a/#set-up-notehub).

## LoRa Gateway Setup

Before you can use the Notecard LoRa you need to have a LoRaWAN gateway that is provisioned to The Things Network.  To make this easy you can use the [Blues Indoor LoRaWAN Gateway](https://shop.blues.com/products/blues-starter-kit-lorawan).  To get this set up follow the [setup instructions](https://dev.blues.io/lora/connecting-to-a-lorawan-gateway/)

## Swan Setup

First connect your Blues Swan and Notecard to your Notecarrier-F.

> 1. Follow the steps in the [Notecard Quickstart](https://dev.blues.io/quickstart/notecard-quickstart/notecard-and-notecarrier-f/#connect-your-notecard-and-notecarrier) to connect your Notecard LoRa to your Notecarrier-F.  Your antenna will only have one cable, and the Notecard LoRa only has one connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Follow the steps in the [Notecard Quickstart](https://dev.blues.io/quickstart/notecard-quickstart/notecard-and-notecarrier-f/#connect-your-notecard-and-notecarrier) to connect your Notecard LoRa to your Notecarrier F.  Your antenna will only have one cable, and the Notecard LoRa only has one connection.
```

Reviewer: There are a few other “Notecarrier-F” references still in this doc so a change all to make them all “Notecarrier F”.

2. Plug your Swan into the Feather headers on the Notecarrier F.

3. Attach the Swan to your computer with a Micro USB to USB-A cable, using the **Micro USB port on the Swan**.

![Notecard LoRa in Notecarrier F with antenna](images/notecarrier-notecard.jpg)

### MQ2 Sensor Connection

> This solution makes use of the an MQ2 sensor module, which detects smoke, as well as various gasses. Using the 3 male-to-female jumper wires, connect the MQ2 sensor to the Sparrow Reference Sensor board and the v5 converter as follows:

Reviewer: > Sparrow Reference Sensor board

Missed this one

1. Solder a set of headers onto the 5v converter.
1. Connetor a jumper to `GND` pad on the 5v converter and the other end  to a `GND` pin on the Notecarrier-F.
1. Connect a jumper to `GND` on the sensor and the other end  to a `GND` pin on the Notecarrier-F.
2. Connect a jumper to `Vi` on the converter and the other end to  `F_3V3` on the Notecarrier-F. 
2. Connect a jumper to `Vo` on the converter and the other end to the  `VCC` pin on the MQ2 sensor.
3. Connect a jumper to `A0` on the sensor and the other end to the `F_A0` pin on the Notecarrier-F.

> 4. The 4th pin on the sensor is left unconnected.

Reviewer: You can start all of these with `1.`

Currently you have 1, 1, 2, 2, 3, 4 :)

Author: That's what happens when you decide to make the instructions make more sense and add steps!! I'll change them all :)

1. Insert one end of the Qwiic cable into the port labelled Qwiic on the Swan board
2. Insert the other end of the Qwiic cable into either of the Qwiic sockets on the BME280 sensor board.

![Notecarrier connected to BME280 breakout board with Qwiic cable](images/notecarrier-bme280.jpg)
*Note I have the Adafruit version of the sensor rather then the Sparkfun one.  They are the same except the LED cannot be disabled on the Adafruit version*

With the Swan board powered on, you will see a red LED light up on the BME280 board, indicating that it is receiving power. To improve battery life, you may wish to cut the LED jumper to disable the LED. For more details, see the "LED Jumper" section in the [Sparkfun Qwiic Atmospheric Sensor (BME280) Hookup Guide](https://learn.sparkfun.com/tutorials/qwiic-atmospheric-sensor-bme280-hookup-guide/hardware-overview).

## Firmware

The firmware provided uses the Arduino Framework, follow the [instructions in the git repo](firmware/) to flash your Swan.

## Temperature Monitoring and Smoke Alerting Behavior

> The firmware periodically monitors temperature and gas concentrations, and posts events with this information. Regular monitoring events are not synced immediately to Notehub, and will be delivered as often as the Notecard is configured to sync with Notehub via the [`hub.set`](https://dev.blues.io/api-reference/notecard-api/hub-requests/#hub-set) request.  This value is configure with the `MQ2_SYNC_PERIOD` define in the file [`./firmware/main.cpp`](./firmware/main.cpp) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The firmware periodically monitors temperature and gas concentrations, and posts events with this information. Regular monitoring events are not synced immediately to Notehub, and will be delivered as often as the Notecard is configured to sync with Notehub via the [`hub.set`](https://dev.blues.io/api-reference/notecard-api/hub-requests/#hub-set) request.  You can configure this value with the `MQ2_SYNC_PERIOD` defined in the file [`./firmware/main.cpp`](./firmware/main.cpp) 
```
